Hello, hello, welcome to this new lesson,
Talking on family So, for today, the
first phrase is I have about ten cousins
I have about ten cousins You?
Nice, nice, once again I have about ten
cousins Cousins, cousins Pretty good, nice
So, about can also mean approximately
Okay, so, about is like
Kind
of, about, approximately what you're saying
Okay, so, I have about ten cousins
Means I have around ten cousins Perhaps
eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve Okay,
so, about means around, approximately
Okay, pretty good, excellent Nice, my
cousin eats
too much at family dinners
I'm sure you have a cousin that eats a
lot of family dinners
Estoy segura que tienes un cousin que
come muchísimo en las family dinners En
las cenas de la familia Las cenas
familiares So, my cousin eats too much at
family dinners You?
Pretty good, nice Once more My cousin
eats too much at family dinners Pretty
good, nice So, tell me in the
commentaries Do you have a cousin that
eats too much at family dinners?
Or is it you?
¿O eres tú ese cousin?
¿Tienes uno o eres tú?
Diles comentarios Pretty good So,
remember, remember That we're talking
about family
Okay, we're talking about family
So, the next one is uncle Okay, uncle
My uncle is handsome Handsome My uncle is handsome
Mi tío es guapo My ankle is handsome Okay?
Normally handsome, we use it for men
You know, we can use it for both But we
normally use it for men
Handsome Normalmente se usa para hombres
So, my uncle is handsome Look at this guy
Isn't he handsome?
So, my ankle is handsome You, say it with me
My ankle is handsome Pretty good, nice
Once more My ankle is handsome Excellent, nice
That was really great
So, he has a daughter
He has Remember?
He has a daughter Remember?
She has a big family
He has a daughter
So, he has a daughter
Say it with me
He has a daughter Pretty good
Once again
He has a daughter
Wow, excellent, excellent
So, whenever you refer to someone else
Possessing something
You must say
Has Okay?
When you're talking about She, he You say
Has For example He has a daughter Okay?
He has a daughter Now, she has a hat Look
at that
She has a hat She has a hat Okay
?
Ella tiene un sombrero
She has a hat Or this one
He has a burger He has a burger He has a
burger Él tiene una hamburguesa So,
remember He has She has That was
everything for today
You did a great job And my phrase for you
is You're making progress every day
Congratulations
And today
Our goals and achievements were 32 words
Perdón 32 palabras aprendidas Nine
phrases and expressions And we developed
vocabulary Speaking and listening Y
desarrollamos vocabulary Speaking and
listening So, remember Both things you
have to On the platform
On this class Page is First Comment 15 words
About the class And second Rate the class
Comentario Y la valoración
Recuerda que todo esto Lo voy a estar
diciendo en inglés Así que tú ya sabes De
lo que estoy hablando Okay?
That was everything for today
I love you
Bye -bye